alright guys well i'm gonna show you my
top 10 favorite tweaks for the iphone
3gs well it should work on the iphone 4
2 and it's on four point three point two
firmware alright well the first one is
barrel basically whenever you switch
pages it gives you icons and animation
as you can see and it has many many
different options to choose from right
here you can see there's many as you can
see and they recently updated it and I
have print cones so go check that one
out my second one would be side elite
basically I let you delete any apps that
you get straight off from Cydia just a
little straight over here well the next
one is called fake locker usually when
you jailbreak your idevice you would
think that it would get slower but this
one actually speeds everything up I can
speed it up by 10 times as you can see
how quick that is everything happens
quick but real too quick so i'll have
that 1.2
alright well the next one is called
grabbing board basically takes your
springboard and you can set it up
however you want and all the icons just
far and I can make them all attracted to
my fingers and you can still access the
icon even though it's like that
iconoclasm it lets you but there's many
icons in a row you want and as many whoa
not as many it lets you put up to five
icons in it in neutral and five rows in
the whole springboard 12345 12345 I
can't rename it the lid to rename any
icon you want you just simply tap on it
twice I can name it whatever you want
Webster by it's now called SP rotator is
basically what the name says let you
rotate the host springboard any way you
want and it's still functional
everything upside down gridlock let you
put your icons in any way you want them
with living spaces in between them as
you can see I have fun bladders I 0 X Y
all right well the next one
synchronicity and they let you use your
ipod iphone ipad while you're plugging
it into itunes and while you're putting
stuff into it it still that to you the
last ones i protect it basically
protects your device
you can lock any application you want
here are you glad just click on them and
then block them and change the password
sim card lock it basically it locks your
your sim card to the phone so if anyone
ever puts their sim card into your phone
it automatically sends a message from
their sim card on two years and then you
have their number and you know what I
will thanks guys you have any questions
leave them down in the comments below
and subscribe and thumbs up